CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to f8-2019-demo

We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as
possible.

## Our Development Process

This is a demo that present an introduction to get started with Presto. To
contribute please fork the repository and open a pull-request.

## Pull Requests

We actively welcome your pull requests.

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
4. Ensure `docker-compose up` succeeds
6. If you haven't already, complete the Contributor License Agreement ("CLA").

## Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")

In order to accept your pull request, we need you to submit a CLA. You only need
to do this once to work on any of Facebook's open source projects.

Complete your CLA here: <https://code.facebook.com/cla>

## Issues

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is
clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

Facebook has a [bounty program](https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/) for the safe
disclosure of security bugs. In those cases, please go through the process
outlined on that page and do not file a public issue.

## Coding Style  

* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
* 80 character line length

## License

By contributing to f8-2019-demo, you agree that your contributions will be
licensed under the LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.

Commit message:

Update CLA information to reflect EasyCLA
This is a minor change to update the CLA instructions.

Signed-off-by: Brian Warner <brian@bdwarner.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to f8-2019-demo

We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as
possible.

## Our Development Process

This is a demo that present an introduction to get started with Presto. To
contribute please fork the repository and open a pull-request.

## Pull Requests

We actively welcome your pull requests.

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
4. Ensure `docker-compose up` succeeds
6. If you haven't already, complete the Contributor License Agreement ("CLA").

## Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")

In order to accept your pull request, we need you to submit a CLA. You only need to do this once, so if you've done this for one repository in the [prestodb](https://github.com/prestodb) organization, you're good to go. If you are submitting a pull request for the first time, the communitybridge-easycla bot will notify you if you haven't signed, and will provide you with a link.  If you are contributing on behalf of a company, you might want to let the person with manages your corporate CLA whitelist know they will be receiving a request from you.

## Issues

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is
clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

Facebook has a [bounty program](https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/) for the safe
disclosure of security bugs. In those cases, please go through the process
outlined on that page and do not file a public issue.

## Coding Style  

* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
* 80 character line length

## License

By contributing to f8-2019-demo, you agree that your contributions will be
licensed under the LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
